Fetching data from our local database is not that different from fetching it from a web server.
Instead of reaching onto a Web server we just reach out to our local database.
But that's it.
So let's start by writing a function in the DB helper file that allows us to fetch data from the database
for this in there I'll export a new constant fetch places which should do what the name suggests takes
no arguments and in there of course I want to reach out to my database and get all places so I'll copy
that code here from insert place with the promise so on.
But the query will change now and all the arguments I need no arguments because will not inject any
arguments here.
Instead of running insert into you we need to run a different query and there will be a very simple
query I want to select all places in my places table which is done by running select star which means
I want to get all columns all fields in this database from places.
Now if you know a bit of sequel now you could also add a where clause to say where idea greater one
for example ends on but I'll not do it here.
I want to get all places so I'll run discovery and leave the rest as it is.
And now we just need to go to our actions and make sure we have action for this.
So first of all I'll add a new identifier here and you action.
Then the FA set places just as we did in the HBP module for setting the places we fetched from a server.
And with that I can create a new action creator here where I say load places maybe where does the name
and in this action creator I will return his inner function and I use async await in there.
So this function looks like this where in the end of course we dispatch a action object where the type
should be set places and where we set all the places we loaded.
But of course that's the part that's missing we get to places by running this fetch places function
which I just justified in the helpers file and DDP file there.
So let's imported from there.
And then here in the load place is action creator we can run fetch places like this.
This returns a promise so we can await this.
And again we get our DB result here.
Now we kennels wrap as into a try catch block to make sure we catch any errors that could occur.
So here if we have an error I will just throw it.
So we need to handle it in the component actually.
I'm not doing that here but he could handle it in the same way you handle it indicates the p module
for example.
And with that here eventually all in the try block we can dispatch to places which we fetch for Dad
it's important for us to understand how the database result looks like.
So I will console log DB result here so that we can look into it and now I want to execute load places
in my places list screen because dad is where I need all the places right.
So in here I will import star as places actions from the store folder and there the places actions file
and we need to dispatch an action so I will import use dispatch from react redux and then here we create
that dispatch function by executing use dispatch.
And now when this component loads which we can in the end find out with the help of use effect I want
to dispatch this data loading action.
So here we can run use effect and then the function that we pass to use effect.
I want to dispatch places actions start load places.
Right like this now that means that for this effect we have one this pet dependency that's the dispatch
action which should never change.
So therefore this should only run once when the component is created which is exactly the behavior I
want here.
So now the load place is action should be dispatched when our app starts up and indeed it did start
up here and I was already and now all is on Android and therefore here in the log I see some output
and that's the android log and that's the result from the load places action yet.
And as you see it that's the result of our database action.
Insert ideas undefined because we didn't insert something we instead just got something.
We have that Rose field and that's no object which has an underscore array field which holds an array
of objects and in the end that's our place data right.
This object in here that's our place data.
It has to address the I.D. image your eye ends on.
So it's in the result in rows and then underscore array.
That's where our data lives.
So that's what we need in the places actions file here when we dispatch our places that we want to display
that we want to load into redux.
That should be D.B. result dot Rose dot underscore array.
Now of course that trend triggers to set places actions so now in the places reducer we need to care
about this.
So here I add a case set places.
Make sure you import to set places identifier here and into set place as case I can return and use state
snapshot where my places are basically set to the places I got back from the database.
And I do this by setting it to action dot places because in my actions file I have to place this key
in the action right.
Which is the loaded place data.
And there I just want to map disarray into a new array to transform the data to transform every single
place into a new place that follows my place model where I for example converge the idea of the place
we loaded to a string which is optional.
I just want to show you how you could also then transform the data if you needed to.
You can do this with the map method which maps disarray into a new array.
So there.
I do that I keep the title though I keep the image you or I and I just don't need address and latitude
and so on right now.
That's also why I'm mapping this so that I can draw up some data.
So now I map this array of places I load into a new array of places where I only care about the idea
title and image you or I.
Now if that if we saved as we should actually be able to see our places being loaded here on Android
that one place which we stored before and indeed here it is so that's our place.
That's place loaded with debt.
Now we can focus on also getting the user location of course.